This application is designed to automate the process of outputing a report card of training data across multiple sources.

The application requires Excel (.xlsx) files from the training sources. You can import these files by clicking the "Import" button.

Once imported, the application will ask you which source they came from (ie JKO, myLearning, ect.). Please choose the correct source from the dropdown menu.

If the source is not in the dropdown menu or a source changes format, you can manually add a new data souce with the "Add Source" button.

Import as many files as necessary. Once all files have been added, click the "Create Output" button. This will start the parsing and combination process.

During parsing of the files you imported, records for the same people(either in the same file or across files) will be combined when possible to make a more consolidated output report card.

The record combination process works as follows:
1) if two people have the same dod id, automatically combine their records.
2) if two people have the same email(case insensitive), automatically combine their records.
3) if two people, where at least one person does not have an id or email, have names that are deemed similar by the name matching process, combine their records.
The name matching process is detailed more thoroughly in the settings instructions.

Once the parsing and combination is done, the app will generate an output report in an Excel file (/src/output/output.xlsx).

Additionally, a log file (/src/output/log.csv) will be generated. This log file gives details about any non fatal errors that were encountered during the parsing process(for example a date was not formatted correctly).

The log file also gives information about any automatic person matches that took place during the session.

The colors of the output have meaning:
    -Blue: important information about the trainees

Courses section:
    -Green: Course is assigned and completed on time
    -Yellow: Course is assigned and has not been completed yet, and it is not past the due date
    -Red: Course is assigned and not completed (if empty), or has been completed late (if there is a date)
    -Grey: Course has not been assigned to this person